OADP-6249 note for kubevirt restore using ceph (#97198)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-restore-single-vm.adoc

----
$ oc apply -f <restore_cr_file_name> # <1>
----
<1> Specify the name of the `Restore` CR file.
+
[NOTE]
====

> When you restore a backup of VMs, it is observed that the Ceph storage capacity allocated for the restore is higher than expected. This behavior is observed only during the `kubevirt` restore and if the volume type of the VM is `block`.

Reviewer: How about this wording?

```suggestion
When you restore a backup of VMs, you might notice that the Ceph storage capacity allocated for the restore is higher than expected. This behavior is observed only during the `kubevirt` restore and if the volume type of the VM is `block`.
```

> Use the `rbd sparsify` tool to reclaim space on target volumes. For more details, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/{product-version}/html/managing_and_allocating_storage_resources/reclaiming-space-on-target-volumes_rhodf[Reclaiming space on target volumes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `rbd sparsify` tool to reclaim space on target volumes. For more details, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/{product-version}/html/managing_and_allocating_storage_resources/reclaiming-space-on-target-volumes_rhodf[Reclaiming space on target volumes].
```
